1. computer programming follow three rules:
sequence, selection(if/else), iteration(loops)  => SSI

2. first specify the value: int value;   then value=10;  {storing later}

3. In sequence you cannot set the variable value and then define it you will get 
"syntax error - undefined variable" as variable is a name for location in memory

4. multiple variable can be created in one declaration i.e 
int count, temp, result;

5. value assign is possible to only variable's declared type

6. height + weight is known as an expression

7. string of characterrs can be represented as a string literal by "" around it

8. Every character string is an object in Java, defined by the string class

9. System.out object represents a destination i.e monitor to send output

10. + string concatenation operator is used to append one string to end of another
      It can also append number  i.e if one is string and other is number.. string concatenation is done

11. A string literal cannot be broken across two lines in a program

12. An escape sequence is a series of characters that represents a special character begins with \
      \b => backspace
      \r => carriage return

13. We use final modifier in Java to declare a constant
	final int subrat = 1;

14. Java has 8 primitive data types....
	4 int : byte short int and long
	2 point: float and double
	1 character : char
	1 boolean : boolean...  { DONT GET CONFUSED WITH THE BOOL}

15. byte : 8 bit          min: -128      max: 127  {min max are the values}                   
      short: 16 bit       
      int: 32 bits          float: 32 bits
      long: 64 bits       double: 64 bits

16. An expression is a combination of one or more operators and operands

17. int / int is int

18. method for reading input values is Scanner class
      scanner object can be set up to read input from even user typing keyboard

19. Keyboard input is represented by the System.in object i.e
	Scanner scan = new Scanner(System.in);
      here the NEW operator creates the Scanner object
      scan.nextLine() can be used as one of the various types of methods
      here the nextLine methid reads all of the input until the end of the line found

20. Scanner class is the part of java.util class libraby hat should be imported first

21. Unless specified otherwise, white space is used to separate the elements (called tokens) of the input

22. White space includes space characters, tabs, new line characters
	The next method of the Scanner class reads the next input token and returns it as a string
	Methods such as nextInt and nextDouble read data of particular types




